Error code 50086 (#4302)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Opcodes_and_Status_Codes.md

| 50083  | Tried to perform an operation on an archived thread, such as editing a message or adding a user to the thread                 |
| 50084  | Invalid thread notification settings                                                                                          |
| 50085  | `before` value is earlier than the thread creation date                                                                       |

> | 50086  | Community server channels must be text channels                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 50086  | Community updates channels and rules channels cannot be changed to announcement channels                                      |
```
